Update ImageStack docs (#444)
lumicks/pylake: docs/tutorial/imagestack.rst

    stack = lk.ImageStack("stack.tiff")  # Loading a stack.

Long videos are exported as a set of multiple files due to the size constraint on the TIF format.
In this case, you can supply the filenames consecutively to treat them as a single object::

    # long_stack = lk.ImageStack("file1.tiff", "file2.tiff")

Full color RGB fluorescence images recorded with the widefield or TIRF functionality on C-Trap Edge systems
are automatically reconstructed using the alignment matrices from Bluelake, if available. This functionality can be
turned off with the optional `align` keyword. Note that the `align` parameter has to be provided as a keyworded argument::

    raw_stack = lk.ImageStack("stack.tiff", align=False)

Slicing and cropping
--------------------

We can slice the stack by frame index::

    stack_slice = stack[2:10]  # Grab frame 3 to 9

or by time::

    stack["2s":"10s"]  # Slice from 2 to 10 seconds from beginning of the stack

You can also spatially crop to select a smaller region of interest::

    stack_roi = stack_slice.crop_by_pixels(10, 400, 10, 120)  # pixel coordinates as x_min, x_max, y_min, y_max

> Cropping can be useful, for instance, after applying color alignment to RGB images as the edges
> become corrupted due to interpolation artifacts. We can see this by plotting just the `"red"` channel
> (details of the plotting method are explained in the next section)::

Reviewer: Hm, when you say interpolation, I'd really think of artefacts in the part of the image that has pixel data (but that isn't what you mean here I think).

```suggestion
Cropping can be useful, for instance, after applying color alignment to RGB images since many
of the pixels near the edges don't have data. We can see this by plotting just the `"red"` channel
(details of the plotting method are explained in the next section)::
```

    plt.figure()
    plt.subplot(211)
    stack_slice.plot("red")
    plt.subplot(212)
    stack_roi.plot("red")
    plt.show()

.. image:: figures/imagestack/imagestack_red_cropped.png

Alternatively, you can crop directly by slicing the stack::

    # slice with [frames, rows (y), columns (x)]
    # equivalent to stack[2:10].crop_by_pixels(10, 400, 10, 120)
    stack[2:10, 10:120, 10:400]

Here the first index can be used to select a subset of frames and the second and third indices
perform a cropping operation. Note how the axes are switched when compared to
:meth:`~lumicks.pylake.ImageStack.crop_by_pixels()` to follow the numpy
convention (rows and then columns).

> You can also obtain the image stack data as a :class:`numpy <numpy.ndarray>` array using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also obtain the image stack data as a :class:`numpy array <numpy.ndarray>` using the
```

    plt.show()

.. image:: figures/imagestack/imagestack_red.png

If the `channel` argument is not provided, the default behavior is `"rgb"` for 3-color images. For single-color
images, this argument is ignored as there is only one channel available.

Sometimes a few bright pixels can dominate the image. When this is the case, it may be beneficial to manually set the color limits
for each of the channels. This can be accomplished by providing a :class:`~lumicks.pylake.ColorAdjustment` to plotting or export functions::

    plt.figure()
    stack_roi.plot("rgb", adjustment=lk.ColorAdjustment([100, 100, 100], [185, 200, 200]))
    plt.show()

.. image:: figures/imagestack/imagestack_adjust_absolute.png

By default the limits should be provided in absolute values, although percentiles can be used instead for convenience::

    plt.figure()
    stack_roi.plot("rgb", adjustment=lk.ColorAdjustment(20, 99, mode="percentile"))
    plt.show()

.. image:: figures/imagestack/imagestack_adjust_percentile.png

There are also a number of custom colormaps for plotting single channel images. These are available from :data:`~lumicks.pylake.colormaps`;

> the available colormaps are: `.red`, `.green`, `.blue`, `.magenta`, `.yellow`, and `.cyan`.

Reviewer: Might be worth moving this up to where you use the `magma` colormap. I imagine it would flow a tiny bit better.

Finally, the aligned image stack can also be exported to TIFF format::

    stack.export_tiff("aligned_stack.tiff")
    stack[5:20].export_tiff("aligned_short_stack.tiff") # export a slice of the ImageStack

> Defining a tether

Reviewer: nitpick of the day: line 118 should have two spaces before the comment
